{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 In this assignment, I used 
\f1 OAI GPT platform
\f0  to evaluate how effectively a generative AI system responds to different prompt styles. I selected three prompt types\'97
\f1 instructional, question, and descriptive
\f0 .\
\
1.  Q. Explain how machine learning can improve ad campaign performance. Provide three practical examples.\
1. A.  GPT explained that machine learning can improve advertising performance through audience targeting, campaign optimization, and predictive analytics. It described how models can analyze user behavior to identify high-value audiences, optimize bidding strategies, and forecast campaign outcomes\
1. E.  The explanation was generally good targeting is a typical response here but optimization, predictions, and creative evaluation are more likely the bigger drivers.\
\
2. Q.  Why are transformer-based models important for modern generative AI?\
2. A.  Similar to the instruction material, GPT explained the relationship between words in a sequence, it can process extremely large datasets and with training can generate coherent text.   These are used in chatbots, content generation and auto-complete systems.\
2 E.  Overall made sense and was logical and appeared accurate based on what we\'92ve learned.  The explanation was technical but not practitioner level.\
\
3. Q.  Describe what a future advertising analytics powered by generative AI might look like\
3. A.  GPT described a dashboard where marketers could interact with campaign data through natural language queries. Suggesting features such as automated campaign summary, anomaly detection, prediction of results, and real-time recommendations for optimization.\
3 E.  This seems right but also something that has been in place for a while, so it isn\'92t all that novel.  I\'92d have like to see an acknowledgment of these human interactive systems being less a focus and more AI used to directly handle all optimization decisions etc.}